
MODEL
Each SU has a doubly-long-linked list. Each link is a possible group formation w/in
range. For each link there is a chain representing the interactions with the SUs
in the chosen group. Each member updates its trust value for the new
member based on previous action, and how many neighbors have history of the
incomer, e.g.  the more trusting the group the better the fitness. Group fitness
can be jointly computed or ask the BS (a member can request BS verification if
their truth level drops too low?)

TRUST ALGO
Single perceptron with linear decision.
Options:
1. Use point-slope form, where m associates with the mulitplicative weight update method. 
2. Use both in a control-feedback loop, use the weights for a filter, until
matrix becomes degenerate (the iteration 'escapes' the sink).
3. The environment is updated by a feedback matrix based on the frequency
distribution of the alleles (a mapping of their genetic makeup, i.e. thier
spectrum requests in different groups).
This provides the mapping to the BAG as events are a function of actions.
4. Use y=x, and base decision by performing correlation (fading in time).
Min-Max Theorem?

NOTE: Dr. Quint says a bayesian attack graph is an incident graph, and under
topologies, also a simplice.

A ROUND
Two players encounter each other each round and share info, modeled as their
convex (need to prove convexity, easy as decisions are binary) combination of
actions. 
The action chosen is the one with the most weight, with each offspring starting
off with equal division.
Options:
1. Static model: assume the next gen follows E[x] = A E[y]. Is a representation
of infinite demand, unreasonable.
2. In the dynamic model, some of the PUs will get lowered trust from an attack, and is retained in memory (until the attacker is out of range), resulting in attackers being
'shunned'. The attacks occur at the mutation rate (modeled as a mutation).
So larger groups will have more attacks, but will also get a 'good' mutation,
where there is an extra person to perform spectrum sensing while waiting in the
queue.

BASIC MOVES
A basic move is attack or not attack, this, along with the player type, define
the basic moves, capturing the group dynamics. Define, attack, not attack, SU friend, adversary SU:
{(A, ASU), (NA, ASU), (NA, SUF)}, the chosen action will be majority (Bayesian
explanation)
The truth values of the others are updated, the group fitness is determined by
sharing values between neighbors, so slight variation in large groups.
Risk/Reward: In the case of an attack,
1. The decision is (A, ASU) only if the adversary is detected, which may not happen 
1. Eavesdropping from within the group
2. All being jammed as a group by a new PU.
3. PUE attack from within the group or encountering a single PU

BASIC SCENARIOS
1. A new SU joins a group.
2. Two SUs encounter each other alone.
3. A group runs out of resources, can be modeled as infinite wait time?
4. An SUs truth fitness value drops below threshold. 
5. A groups truth fitness drops below threshold.

Q: How will the attack be predicted? How to cooperate to prevent attacks? Goal:
Extinction of the adversary population.

THE ADVANCED ATTACK MODEL
Opportunistic, we make no assumptions on enemy decision-making, or worst case
scenario they have been observing/ planning.

NOTE: The linked list is confusing. More natural to evolve matrix dimensions, no
buckets (not enough stats).

THE ADVANCED DECISION MODEL
If another SU is suspect, (given by the perceptron), the SU can remove that user
from the chains (in time) of the linked list and make a prediction of the other
SUs fitness based on history, can also check with the BS (in return for updating
collected and locational data).
* Can be modeled as a hypergraph, i.e. a simple cooperative game. An abstract
simplicial complex contains all subsets of every edge. On the other side is a
Sperner family. The hypergraph is a natural representation as the edges are a
power set representations of the nodes. Is an incident structure, cite Dr.
Quint.                 
Q: Can I use a compensation model? 

DECISION: Wait in line to use the phone or move onto the next group.

INCENTIVE
The SUs have motivation to collaborate on sensing.
1. Use memory to judge their neighbors trustworthyness (by sensing their signal).
2. The SUs will cluster for protection (adversary is powerful), and so there is
incentive to want to obtain trust for safety in numbers: more power, more
sensors = more directions).
3. The BS restrictions only allow for near communication except at scheduled,
want to maintain trust as all reighbors determine 'fitness contribution'.
REASON
The idea is that adversary nodes play an offensive strategy, and so will switch strategies at
a higher rate. essions. Also physics from necessity of staying under the noise floor.
SUs interaction modeled as a grocery store game, so an SU switching groups (weak
equilibrium) will be suspect, and the SUs will want to protect their agreed upon
allocation of the spectrum band (like in the fishing village).
, determined by their priority. Wait times for low
priority SUs are longer, allowing for exploration. 
Note - PU game is not really zero-sum (i.e., cake splitting, but here can use Oracle
algorithm), as trust factors the payoff. An SU with low trust value has less
payoff from collaboration (adversary model?). 
This is the mutation (disturbance
causing mutation?) in the grocery-store game, which is evolutionary!
The algo uses the replicator equation to form a dynamical (chaotic?) system
based on the decisions to move queues, as a supermarket game is considered with FCFS queues with unit
exponential service rate and global Poisson arrival rate lambda.

Extra
- but correlation is expensive
- with a structured DAG based on influence from the BS, can get better results,
maybe a chaotic multi-sink system)
(more assumptions needed)
- possible to make distributed and fair? Can always refer back to BS if trust
falls below threshold
- The space of solutions evolves in the form of a Serpinski triangle ->
Serpinski

The players come to submit thier action, most warriors wins, with subesequent
subdivisions based on the optimal topology. We are are looking for abelian
groups transformed to infinite dimensional metric space for projection onto the
simplicle complex.
